feat!: module option to control features (#42)
nuxt-hub/core: docs/content/docs/1.getting-started/2.installation.md

    Default to `false` - Allows working with remote storage (database, kv, blob) from your deployed project. :br
    [Read more about remote storage for usage](/docs/getting-started/remote-storage).
  ::

  ::field{name="analytics" type="boolean"}

>     Default to `false` - Enables analytics for your project. :br

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Default to `false` - Enables analytics for your project (coming soon).
```
